[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So this one was a hard one,
so if you didn't get it you
should feel great because it was hard,
really hard.
Especially since I didn't give you
a lot of clues on a lot of stuff.
So a couple things we had to do here,
if you were to.
If you're still looking at the to-dos,
you can just run npm start,
kind of tell you what to do.
So you have a couple
things you have to do,
register common with app, I think I
failed to tell you guys about that one,
but that's a thing, if you didn't
do this it won't throw an error.
You just won't get a sweet text
box at the top of your file,
register shared with the app,
create a factory, create credit methods,
why did I put that there.
I don't know and
expose textbox to be imported.
So that's just some extra credit but
let's get to the meat,
potatoes of the stuff that
you should've been doing.
Now let me check out the solution branch.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, all right, so the
most important piece here was in post.js.
So I said at very minimum just
see if you can create a method to
get all the posts, so I made two.
Or actually I have more than two, but
two crud ones and there's an extra one.
I'll tell you about that one and
why I decided to do it.
So my limitation was something like this,
so as far as get.
I have a method that just
gets all the posts and
it is using http that's
why I was injected there.
If you haven't figured out then
API is an object that's in const.
I'm sorry that's an API GS right,
so API.URL keeps me say URL.
If you just hard coded the URL then
that's fine, it's also there too,
that's why I injected it.
Then use a string
interpolation here right.
So API.url/posts and
is everybody familiar,
who's here is not familiar with promises?
Okay so
everybody seen them at least okay, so
HTTP returns a promise which
gets a response object.
And then normally what you would do
here and probably what most people did,
was that they returned the data
from the response object, right.
Knows I didn't return the data at all,
I actually just set this array,
our state, called outpost.
Equal to whatever the data was,
that's what I did.
So our control is still doesn't have
access or at this point but I'll show you
how we get access to it and I can do
this on one line without brackets.
Because I only have one argument so
this is where error functions come in
really handy with callback so
you can see that looks this.
I just look real nice right there,
any questions on that one?
Except for why the fact I didn't
return the data and why I put it here.
We'll talk about that in a minute but
any other questions?
>> Student: Does that return
responses have data too, so get?
>> Scott Moss: It's going to hurt so
what happens is it's going to return
whatever is to the right of this arrow.
And so because this is an assignment
expression, I don't think assignment
expressions return anything, so
it just returned undefined, yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so
I have the other method, which is get one,
arguably could just be
placed into this one.
But I made another method and hindsight it
could have been the same method just like,
take an ID, if it's an ID then get
one of it's not ID get all right.
But whatever give one this one takes an ID
and what does it is trying to find it.
Do it's a method shortcuts here,
get the ID property to say
things go like this right?
[BLANK AUDIO] So if
you find it if the posts I mean something
caught you don't when, see I know that is.
You know this?
>> Student 2: Yeah it's dark you is
a promise library inside of angular and
skewed out when will rap whatever.
Value you put in it any promise taken
is immediately resolved essentially
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Student 2: Yes it, do you have
to callers of all one or forget?
>> Scott Moss: No it's where does is
it will the matter of the thing you're
passing in is a promise or
some static value in this case object,
it will allow you to call .then.
On the functions so
when I call and getOne,
I can call that deny it even though
it might not be a synchronous.
So it guarantees me that the noble API
although it might just be synchronous and
resolve immediately.
That way when I call getOne,
I don't have to check to see wait.
Is it a promise or is it cigarettes
because this might be synchronous
because we might find a post in
the array right here and if we do,
we just want to go ahead and return it.
But, if I just return it,
then now, if it's this case,
than now I don't know
which one's going to do.
I don't know if it's gonna be promise or
it's gonna be.
So, guarantees me that I can
always call .then on this
method regardless if it's or not.
The reason we want to look
inside this array first is for
like so like it's catching right?
We don't have to go get it
again if it's already here.
So that's how we look in this.
This is a small optimization but
else, if it's not in there,
we need to go get it and same thing.
What I'm doing here though, got the URL,
nice interpolation and then I got the id.
All right, straight at rest.
So, that would look like,
if you go to dv.j sign,
it would be /id and id would be
one of these things, all right.
>> Scott Moss: .then so,
here is some funky stuff,
does hat look weird to anybody?
Cuz it should, is it like what?
Can anybody tell me what's going on there?
Let me just zoom out, what is this?
>> Student 3: You're taking the response
object and pulling out the data.
>> Scott Moss: That’s
exactly what I'm doing.
So whatever argument,
is the first argument,
in this call back function give
me the data property of it.
>> Student: That's what I was doing.
>> Student 4: So
you could have done that above too, sure.
>> Student 5: That's that destructuring-
>> Student 3: When you did response,
all right, you could have done that-
>> Scott Moss: I could have,
the reason I didn't do it
is because if I do this,
if I go like this now,
I can't do a one liner node.
>> Student 3: Why can't you
just do data at the end?
>> Scott Moss: Why can
I do data at the end?
What do you mean?
>> Student 3: You set resp.data,
why didn't that work?
>> Scott Moss: Well, because now I had
to put parenthesis around this argument.
If you put parenthesis around the
argument, you can't do this on one line.
So now I have to do this.
>> Student 2: Hey Scott, by the way,
the assignment operation actually
returns the value that was assigned.
>> Scott Moss: Aww,
sweet, yeah you're right.
>> Student 2: It is doing
the same thing as what you want, like-
>> Scott Moss: Perfect.
>> Student 2: What someone
else would have wanted here.
>> Scott Moss: I did not know that,
that is awesome
>> Student 2: [CROSSTALK] Couple people in
the chat actually try to include a Zeiss.
>> Scott Moss: Nice, that's awesome.
>> Student 2: Yeah,
I could remember either.
>> Student: Yeah, it does make sense,
that's what it works Yeah because
you don't want to do the one liner.
>> Scott Moss: If there's one argument and
no parentheses,
there's no arguments you have to put
parentheses, you cannot do a one liner.
If there is more than one argument,
you have to put parentheses,
and you can't do the one liner.
You can only do the one liner
if there's one argument.
>> Student: But wasn't this [INAUDIBLE]?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah but we had to
put parentheses around because of
destructuring, so.
>> Student: Cuz you can do.
Like no, no, no, no, no.
>> Scott Moss: That was scary
because like as soon as you do this,
now you have to go to the next line.
As soon as you put parentheses there,
you have to do it on the next line, and
we have to put parentheses
there because of this.
You can check it.
>> Student: Yeah, I'll check it.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, but pretty sure that
won't work but maybe Babble is like,
you know what, that should work and
we're going to get it to work.
Babble doesn't really
follow the spec 100%.
So they do what they want.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so
yeah I am de-structuring in the arguments.
So I didn't tell you can do that but
you can totally de-structure in
the argument which is legit.
I mean and also just to be safe here.
If you wanted to, you could say,
or no, never mind don't do that,
obviously you can set up a default to,
but they'd be pushing the data.
You don't wanna do that.
So course, so
then now what I'm doing is I'm just gonna
add that data to the array because there
wasn't there before cuz we hit this case.
So that means it was never there so
we just gonna push it in there and
I'm just gonna return it.
Everybody following me so far?
All right, so getOne, if we can't find it,
go get it from the API.
When it comes back, place it in the array,
and then return it.
So it's just placing it in our cache,
our state and then the next one.
This is a very,
very important one, right here.
This is how we actually get the posts
from this factory to our controller.
So this is a pattern that I learned from
working with some of the people on a great
team and our friends of mine that actually
this one works really really good.
I was not a fan of it at first but
when I started using other frameworks and
I was like this part is
actually pretty good.
So we have this git state method which
its job is just to return the state,
that's all it does.
It just returns wherever you're
keeping your state, that's it.
In this case it's the allPosts array, this
is gonna return that, that's all it does.
So I'm gonna go ahead and
return all three of those using
those nice property shortcuts.
I can just comma separate them
with the same name pretty sweet.
>> Student 2: If you're gonna run this
line 18 you need a bracket after data.
>> Scott Moss: Say that again?
>> Student 2: Line 18.
>> Scott Moss: Thanks, I did not see that.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah I don't know why
that's the one thing I like about Sublime.
Sometimes- [CROSSTALK] Yeah,
it'll work tomorrow and
it won't work yesterday.
[LAUGH] Sweet, so now I'm injecting.
So one thing you might have come
up here and was just like, yep,
I'm just gonna export this.
This works, this is totally fine,
we're not minifying but
then you don't, and
you might not have had that.
But if you do that export, then this
never happens all right which is fine,
cuz we're not minifying.
But if you were minifying it,
you can't figure out why
the stuff was breaking is because you
were exporting before you did that.
So that's why I'm exporting at
the bottom here, everybody see that?
Cool, so over to share j s,
import post step function we just made and
we've just made a factory called post,
and put it there.
It was awesome to see that people were
literally giving it the same name that I
gave it that, did I?
Yeah, I didn't put that
name anywhere else.
Everybody else named it the same thing or
most people did, which is cool.
Which means they're thinking in that
convention of the naming which is great.
Cuz that's where people start
naming stuff differently, but
everybody pretty much named this the same.
I thought that was great.
>> Student 2: Scott, Bill T is wondering
why we have the get state function?
>> Scott Moss: We're gonna
talk about that when
we get to the controller, good question.
But that is definitely, for the setup that
I, for the way that I made the factory,
the getState is necessary.
Normally, what you would
do is instead of adding
the data to some collection,
you will just return the data and
then you would get it in your
controller and display it that way.
But technically, who's storing the data
that if you're getting it in a controller,
like, then the controller
store in that state, right.
So, it's not really what we want,
so we want to store it in here,
so that's why I did that.
We'll talk about that in a minute, so
we got that, we got shared working.
Then following the tree,
what we have to do then is go to add.js.
Add.js we need to import shared.
>> Scott Moss: And
we need to register it with angular.